#perfect_money perfect money

## mistakes with today's money

You sold a sandwich to person $p_1$, and another identical sandwich to person
$p_2$.  With the current monetary system, you'd usually charge $p_1$ and $p_2$
by the goods that you gave them, not by who they are or what they did with it.
So you'd charge them, say, $10$ bucks each.

But, a question is: what if person $p_1$ used that sandwich to energize himself
to discover (or invent) good science that would save the lives of millions,
while $p_2$ simply used that sandwich to sit on ass and watch TV --- is the
worth of both your efforts at giving them sandwiches equivalent?

The current monetary system assumes that _yes_, both of your sandwiches, are
equivalent regardless of the fact that they have lead into different outcomes:
sandwich eaten by $p_1$ resulted in science that saved lives, while sandwich
eaten by $p_2$ resulted in only increasing the net carbon emission.


assumption:equal_worth
text:Today's monetary system ignores the results lead to by an effort or work.


[!equal_worth]

There is no proof that shows that [equal_worth] is optimal.  In fact, we can
easily see that it is wrong as soon as we start choosing a goal.  E.g.:

* If we choose our goal to be to maximize our GDP, then [equal_worth] is
  obviously wrong, since sandwich given to $p_2$ did not result in anything
  useful to the economy ($p_2$ just used it to sit on ass watch TV), while
  sandwich given to $p_1$ resulted in a major progress that would most likely
  boost the GDP.
* If we choose our goal to be to advance our civilization so that it gets
  closer immortality, then [equal_worth] is still wrong for the same obvious
  reasons.

So, as you see, there are many reasons why [equal_worth] is totally wrong.

[equal_worth] also implies that the current monetary system assumes that the
worth of works in the past is _frozen_.  E.g. what if it turned out after, say,
$5$ years that person $p_1$'s discovered science was actually  harmful to the
progress of our civilization?  The current monetary system will assume that
sandwich given to $p_1$ it is still worth $10$ bucks, which is not true (since
it turned out $p_1$ put the sandwich to harmful use).

## perfect money

theorem:perfect_money
text:Amount of money $m$, given to work $w$ (e.g. selling sandwich) which
resulted in outcome $o$, is said to be perfect, if $m$ equals the total number
of seconds reduced in our journey towards becoming an immortal civilization
according to hypothesis $h'$, thanks $w$'s fair share contribution of allowing
$o$ to happen.

[!perfect_money]

In other words, money $m$ is rather a value mapped to a function:
$$
m = \text{t}(w, o, h')
$$
where $t$ is a function that maps work $w$ that lead to outcome $o$ to the
total number of seconds reduced in our journey towards the nearest immortal
civilization, by using the hypothesis $h'$.  $h'$ is our best estimation to
model reality and gets updated over time.

So, in other words, the unit of the perfect money is measured in _metric
seconds_.  That is, International System of Unit (SI) unit of money must be
_seconds_.  Isn't this fascinating?

### proof

We only need to prove that the best goal to have is the goal of reaching an
immortal civilization.  For this, we need a few axioms:

axiom:evo
text :Evolution is true.

axiom:freedom
text :The superset of freedoms is better than its strict subset.

axiom:life
text :The set of freedom's available while being alive is the superset of the
      set of freedoms available when dead.

axiom:causeeffect
text :When causality is unknown, assume the most accurate available statistical
      correlation.

[!evo] [!freedom] [!life] [!causeeffect]

Then those axioms will lead to that our goal in _life_ (in general) is to
maximize survival of life forms in general (not only humans).  And the only
known way to maximize that is by achieving an immortal civilization.
Everything (including feelings) is therefore only a randomized approximation of
a solution to maximize the survival of life forms.  Asymptotically our
happiness is defined after this.  This also solves morality paradoxes.

The proof is easy, but a bit lengthy.  So I'll omit it for now.  Maybe I'll be
more explicit in another time (even tho I think it's easy for your to prove it
yourself).
