definition:perfectfood
text      :Food $f_i \in \mathcal{F}$ is said to be perfect, if and only if:
            $$
                n_a \le n_i \le n_b
            $$
           and, for all $f_j \in \{f_l \in \mathcal{F} : n_a \le n_l \le n_b\}$:
            $$
            c_i \le c_j
            $$

#perfect_food perfect food

_Synopsis---_Basically, a food is _perfect_, if and only if, it is the cheapest
thing that offers you the nutritions that you require.  Else, you are wasting
your money.

As a result, pizza, for example, is clearly not perfect, but rather a waste,
because _think_:  do you really think the process of making a pizza slice is
the cheapest way to get 285 calories, 12g protein, 10g fat, and 36g carbs?

Think of the operation cost of pizza making, which requires running an oven and
baking.  Imagine the energy bill, and time needed.  Clearly pizza is a wasteful
way of creation nutrition, as there are many ways we can optimize the process.

On the other hand, you could get what a pizza slice would give you, by simply
frying some egg, with cheese, and potatoes, for example, at a cheaper price
point.  I'm not saying that this is perfect either, but it suffices to show you
that pizza is _clearly_ a waste as it is very easy to think of the same
(nutritional value-wise) at a cheaper price point.

But people buy pizza coz they think it's _sounds crunchy_ when you eat it.
Fuck that nonsense.  There is no nutrition in _crunch_.  This makes pizza a
form of drug that creates artificial need (by the allure of its crunch and
smell) to cause people to make the irrational decision of buying it.

## i'm smart

Say that $\mathcal{F} = \{f_1, f_2, \ldots, f_n\}$ is the set of all foods.
For example, $f_1$ could be fried chicken breast, $f_2$ could be orange, etc.

Also say that for any food $f_i \in \mathcal{F}$, $c_i$ is the cost of $f_i$
(i.e. money and time needed to be spent in order to get $f_i$ into ur belly),
and $n_i$ is the nutritional values that your body obtains after eating $f_i$.

Then, if your body needs nutritional values in interval $[n_a, n_b]$ (for
whatever health goal you have), then:

[!perfectfood]

## wat if food fails to meet [perfectfood]?

Well, then it's a waste of money.  Period.  Could be a little waste to you,
depending on how spoiled you are, but it remains a waste nonetheless, and you
will be at a loss.

Today's food is mostly heavily a waste of money as they fail to meet
[perfectfood].  Sadly, the concept of _food_ ---today--- is looked from the
view of taste and joy, very similar to how drugs are looked at.

Therefore, it's fair to say that today's food industry has morphed into a fork
of the drug industry, where unnecessary additives are added to lure people in
in order to take maximum money.  It is no longer _only_ nutritional.  It is now
_partly_ nutritional, and _partly_ wasteful to fool idiots to get a slice of
their money (almost everyone on this planet).

## now wat?

We need to find a principled methodology to objectively guide us on the process
of creating perfect food.   I will keep you updated when I nail this.  Plz stay
tuned.
