link:hootonplan
url:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Earnest_Hooton#The_%22Hooton_Plan%22
text:The "Hooton Plan''

link:delowbrate
url:http://worldpopulationreview.com/countries/total-fertility-rate/

quotation:slowgenocide
text:The objects of this measure include reduction of the birth rate of "pure"
     Germans
author:[hootonplan]

#is_it_the_hooton_plan? is it the hooton plan?

We can clearly observe that Germany's birth rate is well below the
"maintenance'' rate of $>2$ per woman --- $1.5$ since the early
1970s as Google shows, and [delowbrate:this site] shows a rate of $1.47$ as per
$2019$.

## is it systematic?

question:q1
text:Is this due to a systematic pressure on Germany?  Or is it some random
     coincidence?

[!q1]

link:pvalue
url:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/P-value

To _objectively_ answer [q1], we need to know the distribution of birth
rates of similar countries[: I.e. countries in the same economical and
scientific class] under the null hypothesis[:Difference in birth rate is due to
some random chance], from which we can then calculate the [pvalue:$p$-value],
and then see whether we can reject the null hypothesis.

That is not impossible to do, but needs some work.  It's interesting, and I may
do it one day in the future.

link:nlturks
url:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turks_in_the_Netherlands#Demographics

link:deturks
url:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turks_in_Germany#Demographics

link:quantomentanglement
url:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_entanglement

link:noturkrefugee
url:https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1111/padr.12042

But for now, let me tell you these points:

    * [delowbrate:The same site] shows a rank list where Germany's birth rate
      is skewed to be on the lower end of the birth rate spectrum, even among
      western Europe.  Not much countries, in the world, have a lower birth
      rate.
      
    * Someone may argue that, maybe, it's due Germany having less immigrants
      than the other European states?  But then how can we explain that
      [delowbrate:the same site] shows that Netherlands has a higher birth rate
      of $1.75$, yet also has less Turks than Germany has.  I.e.
      [nlturks:$2.29\%$ of Netherland's population are Turks], while
      [deturks:$5\%$ of Germany's population are Turks].

      _Note:_ [noturkrefugee:Turk's population didn't change by refugee crisis]
      as the vast majority of the refugees were from Syria and more from
      Africa[:Maybe because every one, or two, Africans were
      [quantomentanglement:quantomly entangled] with a Syrian, and hence got
      hit by Putin's bombs on Syria.].  Therefore, looking at the Turks
      percentage is probably going to suggest a _pre-refugee crisis_ situation.

So what's wrong?  Germany has exceptionally one of the lowest birth rates in
the world, even when compared to European states, yet it has more immigrants
than Netherlands, even when discounting the refugee crisis.

## what's the cause?

Possibilities that I can think of:

    * Germans have scientifically advanced more than the, say, Netherlanders,
      and this low birth rate is a consequence of a challenge an advancing
      civilization has to face.
    * _*Cough*_ [hootonplan:The "Hooton Plan''] _*cough*_:  [!slowgenocide]
    * Other stuff that I am too stupid to see yet.

## why should we care?

There are so many people around.  E.g. Indians are set to surpass the Chinese
in some decades.  Jews are smart, and have an expanding birth rate $>2$.  So
why all the fuss about Germans?

Basically, Germans are a population that, historically, has shown to be rich in
terms of its capacity in producing good scientists.  Yes, Germans are not the
_only_ such productive population, and, if they get extinct, we will still have
other scientists, but nonetheless less scientists, and hence slower scientific
progress overall.  Hence, less Germans is a loss for humanity as it will
probably slow down the scientific progress.

link:type2civil
url:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kardashev_scale

If Germans start having a $2.9$ birth rate (i.e. the birth rate of Muslims), they will:

    * Not need lower IQ immigrants.
    * Produce more scientists --- perhaps push the intelligent form of life
      (e.g. humans) closer to becoming a [type2civil:Type II civilization], and
      hence achieving immortality.

      Immortality is good, because it means more freedom than otherwise, as the
      living has more choice than the dead in general.  E.g. the living can
      generally move things around faster than the dead.  The dead would need
      someone to kick it around, but the living can move around faster by
      itself.

      Plus, the living has the nice perk that it can kill itself and join the
      dead within a few miliseconds (e.g. a shot in the head) if it wishes so,
      while the dead cannot join the living as fast (e.g. will have to wait
      many billions of years to finally meet the very rare occasion of
      reforming into an intelligent form of life).

## what's the solution?

IMO the cheapest solution is to adjust the culture into another one that
promotes people to just make more babies.  This is cheaper than using birth
machines (at least for now).

link:fornicationanddivorce
url:https://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-4085758/Experts-reveal-sexual-partners-ve-determine-likely-DIVORCE.html

link:nopiss
url:https://www.alcohol.org/pregnancy/reproduction-issues/

link:petro
url:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pareto_principle

Here is my suggestion:

    * _Legalize polygamy._  E.g. in Germany, polygamy is illegal, but adultery
      and fornication is legal!  

      Under ideal population demographics where the male to female ratio is
      $1:1$, monogamy gives each man an equal opportunity to utilize a female
      to reproduce his pattern.

      But since men are not equal in their merit, why give them equal access to
      utilizing females?  The only reason is communism: the Romans wanted to
      calm angry men down, so they agreed to give them equal share of pussies!
      Monogamy is _exactly_ communism.  No self-respecting capitalist should
      approve of this nonsense.

      On the other hand, polygamy with, _optionally_, up to $4$ wives per man.
      $4$ as the upper bound for polygamy is the smallest number that allows
      for achieving the [petro:Petro principle] (aka the 80/20 rule), and the
      number that does not allow exceeding the Petro principle.  E.g. as the
      top $20\%$ of men get to utilize $80\%$ of the women, but _not more_ than
      the Petro principle.

      While monogamy insists to violate the Petro principle by forcefully
      imposing the unnatural $1/1$ ratio, that has absolutely no merit in
      nature, nor in economical utility.
      
      IMO, this communist principle (monogamy) is, in part, also responsible
      for the increase in adultery and fornication cases as monogamy is a false
      and unnatural idea (which
      statistics show to be a cause of more than doubling the divorce risk).

      As you see, monogamy is a lame and a false communist ideology that is in
      total odds against economical and natural principles.

    * _Stop promoting women to study or work_, as this is known to reduce the
      birth rate of the women who are inclined to study or work, which are
      usually the relatively-smarter women, as the dumber women tend to sit
      home and suck welfare money, which is collected in part by the hard
      working smarter women who didn't have much time reproducing their smarter
      pattern.

      Since it's usually the smarter women who tend to study and work,
      promoting women to work is in fact going to place a systematic pressure
      mostly against the smarter women to not make babies.  While the dumber
      women, who didn't want to study not work, don't have the pressure and
      hence end up making more babies than the smarter women in the subsequent
      generations --- hence population  dumbens at every generation.
      
      In other words, an expected side effect of stopping promoting women to
      study or work, is that they will end up making more babies, and hence
      start increasing the IQ of the population in the subsequent generations
      (or at least help in decelerating IQ's decrease).

    * Reduce divorce rate by making adultery and fornication a crime
      ---[fornicationanddivorce:a known factor that more-than-doubles the
      divorce risk]--- which is best done by praising the classical women
      (keepers at their houses and submissive to their husbands).

    * _Stop alcohol_ --- [nopiss:studies show that alcohol lowers the birth
      rate of women, as well as the sperm count in men].  Plus, the usual
      deaths due to alcohol (e.g. $4$ in $10,000$ per year die in Germany due
      to organs failure thanks to alcohol).

In other words, _becoming a Muslim_ is the cheapest plan I know for ending
[hootonplan].

I know that _"Islam''_ is an ugly name that's almost like an insult, and most
of its followers currently look ugly and have a low IQ.  Hence, associating
with _"Islam''_ is like associating with a bunch of dumb uglies.

But let me assure you that Islam will not give you more ugly immigrants.  In
fact Saudi Arabia took much less refugees than Germany, and they rarely allow
their daughters to marry non-Saudies.  This is thanks to the fact that a
female's marriage in Islam requires her father's approval,  in addition to the
usual approvals (her's and her to-be-husband's approval).

Yes, Middle Easterns tend to be Muslims, and also tend to have lower IQs than,
say, Germans.  However, is it due to their religion?  Or is it due to their
genetic and environmental variations?  We cannot blame a change in outcome
(e.g. IQ) to a parameter (e.g. religion), when we have changed multiple
parameters at the same time (religion and genetic pool) at the same time.

link:persia
url:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_pre-modern_Iranian_scientists_and_scholars

Will a Muslim Germany be a dumber Germany?  To answer this, let's look at the
case of Persia, before and after their conversion into Islam.  Persians kept
the same genetic distribution, except for becoming Muslims.  Did Islam reduce
the number of their scientists?  [persia:No, actually, the vast majority of the
Persian scientists are from the post-Islamic Persian era].

In my view, all evidence, that I see, points to that, if Germans become
Muslims, Germans will be even smarter than they are now, while also increasing
their population.
