conjecture:majvotingsucks
text      :_Ideally_[:Assuming no strategic dishonest voting, or exploitations
           by foreign faggots.], when the voters are any from the entire
           population, the majority of voters are non-experts on the subject
           that they are voting on.

conjecture:majvotinggood
text      :Majority voting guarantees that the majority of the population are
           happy about the decision.

link:good
url:https://cave.mn/page/2/#what_is_good

#thoughts_on_majority_voting thoughts on majority voting

Majority voting ---the backbone of democracy--- has several flaws, but this is
what _really_ bothers me:

[!majvotingsucks]

I think it's obvious why [majvotingsucks] is probably true by looking at the
past.  E.g. British ppl who voted on Brexit were mostly non-experts in economy
nor politics.  So I think [majvotingsucks] is a fair conjecture.

[majvotingsucks] is very bothering, because it says that the best thing you
could get out of majority voting is some mediocre average _shit_.

##please what's its goal?

But if it's so bad, why do many govs use it?  Are they simply dumb and they
can't see what a _caveman_ saw?  I doubt.  Are they smart, but there is another
motive behind majority-voting?  But if you have a peaceful population, then no
need for majority voting IMO.

IMO [majvotinggood] shows the only reason majority voting is appealing.  I.e.
it's a good method for reducing riots, which can eventually save _a lot_ of
money if you have a badass population that may riot any time.

##othergoal how about other goals?

What if, instead of aiming to please most people (majority-voting's aim), our
goal was to rather find _the best_ decision?  I don't think majority voting is
it (due to [majvotingsucks]).  What I think is it[:Assuming ideal scenario with
no dishonest people.], is the following method:

+ Agree on the definition of what is _good_.  I suggest [good:this definition
   of good].
+ Choose/perform the decision that has maximum expected _good_.
+ If someone wishes to change something, that someone would need to present
  evidence that his change is _more good_ than the existing something.

It doesn't matter if it's 1 person, or 1 billion people, who want the change.
What matters is only to present evidence that shows that a change is _more
good_.

But obviously, soon, we will end up seeing ppl abusing sources of evidence.
E.g. if statistics is the source, then we will see ppl generating false
statistics and claiming that they are legit, while they aren't.

## what's happening in reality?

IMO, in reality, in _nice_ democratic countries, this is what's happening:

+ Majority voting is used to calm idiots so they don't riot in streets.  They
  only elect a symbolic figure, like a president ---
  [please].
+ The real decisions are actually done by experts in their domains (e.g. game
  theorists, logicians, statisticians, etc) behind closed doors ---
  [othergoal].

In _nice_ dictatorship countries, this is what's happening:

+ The real decisions are actually done by experts in their domains (e.g. game
  theorists, logicians, statisticians, etc) behind closed doors ---
  [othergoal].

As you see, nice dictatorship is more efficient than nice democracy as the
former doesn't need to waste resources to run the votes.

Which is of course not a surprise that a nice dictatorship is better than a
nice democracy.

## democracy vs. dictatorship

Which approach is more likely to produce a nice system: Democracy? Or
dictatorship?  IMO _dictatorship_, because:

* Most 1st world countries seem to collect votes only to calm their population.
  E.g. Brexit.  So in practice hardly any one runs democracy any way (which is
  good, IMO).
* Dictatorship is not _entirely_ dictatorship.  It's rather _election by
  natural selection_, which IMO is _the ultimate form of voting_, which IMO
  directly rewards what is _good_ as per [good:my definition of good].

Of course, democracy is also bound by natural selection, which is why I think
it _mostly_ got extinct in practice due to [majvotingsucks].

## will voting always work?

In [please] is said that majority voting is good to
calm people, and hence save money that would be otherwise spent on riot
control.  In this section I ask the question: _will it always work?_

My answer: _IMO no_.  My justification:  at some point people will eventually
learn that it's a fake play to calm the majority.  At this point, it will no
longer be effective, as people will know that their voice are actually
_uheard_.

IMO, _voting_ is either a bad idea (see [majvotingsucks]), or a lie to avoid
riots.  In the case of the former, it's getting extinct by natural selection.
In the case of the latter, IMO it goes under _lies don't sustain_ like any
_win-lose_ relationship.
