definition:consciousness
text      :If $x$ is said to have "consciousness'' if, and only if, $x$ has a
           point of view.

question:simq
text    :Do the winning balls have any consciousness?  Feelings?  A point of
         view?

answer:sima
text  :As per the standard Physics model:  perhaps they don't.  They are just
       stuff happening as matters interact as energy moves from higher to lower
       --- they have no point of view, nor feelings.


#can_consciousness_arise_from_physical_complexity  can consciousness arise from
physical complexity?

This article contains a series of thought experiments that try to mimic
evolution from a physics and evolutionary point of view, with the goal to see
how will consciousness arise from complexity.

## thought experiment

First let's define consciousness:

[!consciousness]

### low complexity

Consider the following thought experiment:

* A large basket is filled with lots of balls of equal sizes, but different
  masses.
* The basket is constantly shaking.
* The rule is:  balls at the bottom are the losers.

_Result:_ after a while, heavy balls will be eliminated 1st, and the lighter
survive longer.

[!simq][!sima]

### more complexity

Now let's increase the mechanical complexity of the balls:

* Each ball has a working combustion engine inside of it (with fuel tank,
  throttle, etc).
* Each ball can swing a leg (or stick/bat) by its engine.
* Engine's throttle is attached to a tentacle.

_Result:_  balls that have strategically positioned throttle tentacles will
survive longer than otherwise.  Reason: the position of the throttle can
determine that if a 2nd ball comes close to get over the 1st ball, the 2nd ball
will hit the throttle tentacle of the 1st, which causes the 1st to spin a kick
against the 2nd, ultimately disabling it from getting on top.

Now, let's ask [simq] again. [sima] still holds.

### much more complexity

The balls now have several sensors (cameras, pressure, gyroscopes,
accelerometers), with ASICs that implement image processing using neural
networks.  Each ball even has a rat's brain hooked up in it as an extra
processing unit beyond the ASICs.

What about now, how will the answer to [simq] be?  Will the standard Physics
model find out that the balls have a point of view?  Nope, [sima] still holds,
and even the rat's brain is nothing but a mere collection of matter that's
reacting with each other as energy is flowing from higher levels to lower
levels.

## conclusion

theorem:physics_cant_consciousness
text   :Consciousness is beyond the reach of the standard Physics model.

[!physics_cant_consciousness]

But we seem to strongly know that we have a point of view, or consciousness.
Therefore, I think, consciousness is not physical, and that the reality might
be that we are living beings in another world, that are hooked up to some
simulation.  We might be right in a simulation (possibly tested for something).

IMO consciousness seems beyond this universe/simulation.  I.e. this
simulation's internal API does not expose enough information to tell us where
consciousness comes from.

Maybe we are in a pretty deep recursion of simulations.  Maybe if we die here,
we wake up in the parent simulation, up until a point where we end up being in
a life form that finally exposes adequate API to explain the source of
consciousness.

Meanwhile, I think it's good to behave nicely in this simulation, based on how
_nice_ is defined in this simulation.  So that in case we are being audited for
good behaviour, we do a good job, and please the simulation's master.

You may ask:

question:isgooduniversal
text    :How do we know if we do a good thing in this simulation, then it's
         good in the parent simulation?

[!isgooduniversal]

To which I answer:

answer:perhapsgooduniversal
text  :We don't know.  But IMO that's our best bet.

[!perhapsgooduniversal]

My reasoning to [perhapsgooduniversal] is that, if we simulate people in this
universe to test people, it would not make sense to hate those that behave
properly in the scenario of our child simulation.  Evolution rewards good
doing, and it's hard to see a surviving species hating the good doers.

I know it's not enough evidence.  But until I formalize this better, which I
work on slowly from time to time, that's what I have for now.
